---
layout: post
title: "Chapter by Chapter: <em>The Effective Manager</em> by Mark Horstman, Kate Braun, and Sarah Sentes"
published: false
---

I'm currently reading <em>The Effective Manager</em> with my group at work. To keep things moving and not overburden the group we'll be taking it chapter by chapter.

This book has alot of good information on management. The original edition was written by Mark Horstman as a collection of his years of experience in the U.S. Army and industry as well as co host of the "Manager Tools" podcast.
He is a former Army Officer and West Point graduate and much of his guidance I';ve found to be consistant with my own thinking.

In <em>The Effective Manager</em>, Mark Horstman, co-host of the popular "Manager Tools" podcast and a seasoned veteran of both the U.S. Army and industry, distills his wealth of experience into actionable advice on 
effective management. As a former Army Officer and West Point graduate, Horstman brings a unique perspective to the world of management. I've found 
much of his guidance to be consistent with my own approach, making this book a valuable resource for my team as we discuss our approach.

## Introduction
My takeaways from the introduction:
* "Managers #1 job is to get the most out of their people. Most managers are bad at this."
* "This Book is going to tell you exactly what to do in detail."
  * I like this approach. They make the case that most books are written at a theoretical level. This one will be diffewrent and give real ideas of what to actually say or do. The only other book on leadership I've read that claimed that was Dandridge Malone's <em>Small Unit Leadership: A Commonsense Approach</em>. This is also a great book if more structured specifically for military leadership.

## Chapter 1: What Is An Effective Manager?
* 
