---
layout: post
title: "TribalNet 2025: Day 3 Notes"
published: false
tags:
  - Conference
  - Tribal IT
  - Leadership
---

I'm in Reno, NV this week for the
**[TribalNet 2025](https://tribalhub.com/events/tribalnet-conferences/2025-tribalnet-conference-tradeshow/)**.
Yesterday I shared [my notes from day 1](https://peter.zaffina.net/blog/TribalNet-2025-Day-2/), here are the sessions I attended on day 3 along with key takeaways from each.


#### [The Technology Steering Committee: What, Why, and How](https://tribalhub.com/events/tribalnet-conferences/2025-tribalnet-conference-tradeshow/agenda/#event_session_32981)

This session with Renita DiStefano and Dawn McGrady was an eye-opener on how to establish a successful technology strategy. 
My biggest insight was that **executive sponsorship is critical**. It's not an "IT problem" to solve; it's a leader-led process 
that's "IT enabled." If the IT department is the only one passionate about forming a technology steering committee, it has little 
chance of succeeding, especially in hierarchical organizations.

---

#### [Technology Supporting Language Preservation](https://tribalhub.com/events/tribalnet-conferences/2025-tribalnet-conference-tradeshow/agenda/#event_session_32986)

Zachary Harbort and Wayne Yandell from the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma showed some incredible work on using technology to help save languages. I've worked
with both Zack and Wayne for a few years now and I'm constantly impressed by thier work, they are special talent.
The core message I took away was that there's **no time to wait—start small and build the foundation now**. Language loss is 
a critical systems issue, and we can't afford to put off addressing it.

---

#### [Better Project Management: How to Be Effective with Limited Resources](https://tribalhub.com/events/tribalnet-conferences/2025-tribalnet-conference-tradeshow/agenda/#event_session_32991)

This was a highly practical session led by Christopher Farris, Jonathan Mason, and Neile Vance. They shared scalable strategies 
for managing projects with limited resources. My favorite quote from the session, and a key insight for me, was that **"change management 
isn't a conversation, it's a thread."** This perfectly captures the idea that managing change should be a continuous part of every project, 
not a one-time discussion.
